# Node.js Foundation Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Collab Summit Session 2018-10-13

## Links

* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/16eRahz4dmoEBCyISoRr721Rg9gjCEXVRKVsz0RvxcUw/edit

## Present

Francisco @tolmasky
Joey @beefymcpound / @joeyellis
Stephen @qard
Manil @chowdhurian
Adam @amiller-gh
Jeremiah @fishrock123
Tierney @bnb
Joe @eojthebrave
Matheus @mmarchini

## Goals

* Each person who wants to participate leaves with an action item, of large or small scope. May or may not include being onboarded.

## Notes

### Requirements gathering

We would like to do it so that the next time a redesign happens, which it will, you don’t have to throw everything out. Should be like a UI consuming docs in markdown.

Does content need to live with the repos that it describes?

There is also content that is an artifact of something else in the ecosystem. e.g.) a list of historical builds, change records, code coverage stats. These will need to be ingested from wherever they live currently.

Should the new website facilitate content from projects like llnode and N-API? Right now the content for these projects lives in their individual GitHub repos. Can/should it be surfaced on the main site? There should be policies/guidelines in place that outline what projects can surface their content onto the main site. Allow groups to opt-in to doing this rather than making it a requirement.

### Hosting sub-projects in the site

* N-API
* llnode
* node-gyp
* canary-in-the-goldmine
* nan
* (docker images we publish)

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar
