# Node.js Foundation Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Meeting 2018-12-06

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: $GITHUB_ISSUE$
* **Minutes Google Doc**: $MINUTES_DOC$

## Present
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Manil (@chowdhurian)
* Lidor (@lidoravitan)

* Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Team: @nodejs/website-redesign

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **wr-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/community-committee

* Node.js Contributor Cards [#428](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/428)

Physical card to link to same site that will change
Link needs to be more focused. When someone is interested in contributing, the card should have one purpose, get someone who is interested to the resource they need.
This “card” could be one of the items on the community page.
We should make sure people don’t have to search the repo for the information they need.
Navigating the repo needs prior knowledge
Action item: Manil to deploy site
Action item: Tierney to design card
Action item: Lidor to review

### nodejs/website-redesign

* \[Discussion\] - Tech Stack Consideration [#107](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/107)

Support expressed for Gatsby around it’s new company and expectation of longevity

* Idea: Host Docs Hackathons [#99](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/99)

Action item: Manil to write a report about how the docs hackathon went after NodeSchool which Tierney can iterate on later. Also open to anyone else :)

* User Feedback: Node.js Docs Survey  [#61](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/61)

One of the suggestions was to include a happy-neutral-sad face on the docs. Good use-case for a serverless architecture which could be good blog content for the Node.js Collection. Serverless companies can contribute and talk about using Node.js on their platform.
Person may know what’s wrong but not not have a way to request edits
No action items in website-redesign.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
