# Node.js Foundation Website Redesign Initiative Meeting 2018-03-01

## Present
* Darcy (@darcyclarke)
* Olivia (@oe)
* Francisco (@franciscop)
* Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)
* Tierney (@bnb)
* Dhruv Jain (@maddhruv)
* Manil (@chowdhurian)

## Notes
Order in the agenda will be rearranged to prioritize issues

### Website Wireframes [#15](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/15)
Context: We left the last meeting with an action item to have wireframes for discussion by next discussion. Adam makes first pass and put it together. Much activity, we notice visuals helps increase engagement. There are a lot of outstanding questions. Intent is broad strokes for site flow.
* Suggest prioritizing content.
* The largest point of discussion was how the download button works in the home page. Maybe set up three options and ask for feedback.
* Analytics: There are analytics for the nodejs org site. We don't have access but we can request from Zibby Keaton. Caution against putting too much stock in that instead of doing enough user exploration.
* Goals: Clear navigation hierarchy that surfaces everything. Restructuring the current website that has several years of tacked on additions.
* Content: Would want more content for this on Getting Started.
* TODO: Open up a user personas issue.

### Voice and Tone Guidelines [#13](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/13)
* Prepare the document as if it could be used beyond the scope but the scope is unchanged.
* TODO: Make clear in the doc, the use of humour and recommended voice for that.
* Different people may have different types of humour and mixing them together could have unexpected effects.
* Humour varies across cultures. We need to be mindful while maintaining a sense of humour.
* Bring up with i18n working group, to see what happens if humour doesn't translate and what the fallback is.
* TODO: ping the i18n WG in the issue.
* Creating the user personas, who comes to conferences, who comes to website, to see what kind of humour would be acceptable. It could be very off-putting if the audience doesn't feel the same kind of humour as the company. Err on the side of being serious.
* TODO: add humour to user personas issues.

### Tech Exploration for In-Browser Node.js Playground [#12](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/12) (related to, but not the same as, [#9](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/9))
Context: Console/editor with which to test the capabilities of node.
* It could be useful on the homepage and the learning page
* Glitch has a heavy focus on the Node.js community and bringing new people into Node.js
* Runkit has a few options to dynamically create the embedded script
* TODO: explore the suggested options to see which fits the needs
* Runkit: you don't see package files which is arguably better for tutorials
* The objective: We need to identify the feature set that best satisfies the needs of the code playground.

### Getting started section [#9](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/9)
* Past TODO: Investigate how frameworks and languages implement interactive Getting Started experiences
* The purpose: onboard people on getting running from scratch. We should add more detailed getting started docs.
* Suggest a learning path doc. A suggested path, where if completed someone will know how to use nodejs and start on more custom things.
* Is there a way within Getting Started to tie into NodeSchool and other community initiatives? For this, the workshoppers need to be updated (some are Node.js 4). These would need an official maintainer to ensure they're up to date.
* TODO: open a new issue to explore connecting to NodeSchool on Getting Started

### Updating Node.js messaging [#242](https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/issues/242) (in CommComm)
* It's good for a technical person coming to Nodejs for the first time, but not for other people. Focus on this for content building rather than in the content definition space.
* Open an issue for this in /admin because it's a huge org wide scope.

### Overall site structure [#4](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/4)
* past TODO: Set up balsamiq and get a GDoc configured with it

### Notes
* Can start iterating on parts of the site where significant discussion has been had.
* TODO: Make doodle for new meeting time. Until then, meeting time remains the same

## Timeline Review:
* Suggested approach from earlier meeting: At the beginning of each section (eg. Architecture), estimate how long it'll take, surface in the meeting, update as needed
* 2018-02-15: 2 week deliverables (architecture phase ongoing): real content for Learning, detailed wireframe
