# Node.js Foundation Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Meeting 2018-09-13

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ye3_j4LkxDg
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/89
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Sk_Ni8l_z0l7BGzvKqX8Kr9_v-eVA-aZJJn95fNqd-c/edit

## Present

* Manil Chowdhury (@chowdhurian)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)
* Francisco Tomalsky (@tomalsky)

## Agenda

*Extracted from **wr-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* Creating a branch of the Docs using RunKit [#21723](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/21723)

Progress is good! PR is made. Only things left is bikeshedding.
PR: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/22831

Adam: Live demo of changes would be nice, or at least screenshots for visual review.

Tierney: Example of syntax highlight here: https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/nodejs-docker-webapp/

**ACTION ITEM:** @tomalsky to provide screenshots or live demo for visual review on PR 22831.

### nodejs/website-redesign

* JS Interactive Community Corner Topics / Ideas for Website Redesign [#80](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/80)

Adam: We need to decide if we're doing a scattershot review or a deep dive in this session.

Manil: Lets come back to this at the end of the meeting and see what makes most sense.

> _Narrator: The never came back to this..._

* Consuming localized docs from `nodejs-i18n` module [#76](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/76)

No major updated here. Removing label. Will integrate when we start buildout.

* List of Getting Started Content titles, grouped by stakeholder  [#60](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/60)

Adam: Mentioned LinkedIn Learning intro videos offer. 7-10 custom recorded videos to introduce major content type areas.

Manil: Can't prioritize current list. Is there a tool we can use to help prioritize here? This one works well: https://www.uservoice.com/

Tierney: May get a little confusing, but could be useful!

**ACTION ITEM:** Manil set up demo of feedback system (User Voice?), comment in this issue.

* Node.js Extended Color Palette  [#42](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/42)

Stub ticket to talk about design! We're going to show off iteration 1 designs to CommComm for initial feedback on the Sept. 20th meeting. Illustration and mushy "look and feel" type of explorations ongoing. (Side note: Working on an octacat-esque mascot :tada:)

### PR Review

* Instruction for installation Node.js on Mac [#85](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/pull/85)

Tierney provided extra context to add. Manil will work with the author at their next meetup!

* Add doc for monitoring with Elastic APM [#84](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/pull/84)

**ACTION ITEM:** Tierney – start draft of monitoring conceptual information doc, link to this doc.

* using-node-with-framework [#83](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/pull/83)

**ACTION ITEM:** Manil – follow up with author of PR #83.

## Q&A, Other

### Adam: Meetup docs hackathons?

**ACTION ITEM:** Adam make ticket for Meetup docs hackathons discussion.

**ACTION ITEM:** Tierney link to content for #85

### Manil: Activity on Voice and Tone?

**ACTION ITEM:** Drive engagement on #13, request PR from @eojthebrave

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
