# Node.js Foundation Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Meeting 2018-03-15

## Present
* Manil Chowdhury (@chowdhurian)
* Darcy Clarke (@darcyclarke)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)

## Agenda

### Notes

#### Website Wireframes [#15](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/15)
* Hot button issue needs input from the release team
* Do we want the package manager included? We have traffic numbers for the package manager page. Bringing that and showing its popularity to the release team may further the cause.

#### Getting started with Node.js [#9](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/9)
* Some of this could actually go into Learn section
* For the embedded runtime: What do we want?
  * We want people to be able to jump in and use it without having the install dependencies
  * We want to build up from JS knowledge and take users into using Node.js
* Do we want to also guide through Express or just explain Node.js core? The power of Node.js is the ecosystem and we should strike a balance. Take a look at how NodeSchool separates Core workshoppers from Electives.

TODO Tierney: Organize another meeting between NodeSchool and the Website Redesign Initiative

#### Content structure [#4](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/4)

## Q&A, Other

#### IA Document Summary
* Wireframes
* Content Graph
* Analytics
* Research / Competitive Analysis
* Personas
* Goals
* Moodboards / Styleguides

#### Repl Discovery Work
* Requirements / Support:
  * Versions
  * Embeddable
  * Package resolution
  * Minimal branding
  * Maintained
  * Cost
  * Stdout / Console

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
