# Node.js Foundation Website Redesign Initiative Meeting 2018-02-01

## Present

* @oe
* @bnb
* @chowdhurian
* @fhemberger
* @amiller-gh
* @maddhruv
* @timothyis
* @franciscop
* @mrhinkle

## Notes

* Prioritizing agenda

### General objectives, strategy going forward

* Olivia, Tierney: We should ensure that goals are long-term
* Adam: Rediscussing the points listed in <https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/issues/1534>
* Adam: Site Structure, Design, Implementation
* Adam: In that order
* Olivia: Previous discussions have been too implementation-focused

* Olivia: before we get down the agenda, what cadence do we want the meetings to be on
* General agreement: every 2 weeks

### Overall site structure

* See also <https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/issues/1534> (Assess current site structure, see what's needed and what's not).

* Frederic: History of website. There never was a well defined content structure, it was made as needed.
* Jeremiah: brief notes on iojs.org's design
* Adam: sounds like now's a good time to do something more design focused
* Tierney: an overview of some obstacles on the current website
* Olivia: Make it easier to add information in a more structured manner.
* Adam: Also a good opportunity to have a design-focused process for contribution review
* Adam: Process for PR to add content to site, would help the different stakeholders who add content to site.
* Olivia: Suggestion to start. What do we have now, a sort of site map. Then go from there.
* Frederic: volunteers to write up a site map of the existing site (link)
* Tierney, Jeremiah: discussion of how the node api docs are maintained somewhat separate.
* Adam: Overview of his blog post write up which compares to other "competeting" websites in some detail: <https://medium.com/the-node-js-collection/redesigning-nodejs-part-1-fac08a0e015a>
* Fransisco: what are the main goals of the current website?
* Tierney: Primary uses of site to date: Downloads, information, Documentation, Getting involved.

### Addressing content held in separate repositories

* Olivia: How should we address documents in separate repositories?
* Frederic: I want to see the Code of Conduct, governance docs, etc, directly. Should be part of the website.
* Adam: I'd love to see some "Learn" page, a normal-language guided tour. Something more comprehensive and ergonomic.
* Adam: We may not need to write this content as it may already exist and we may be able to get it contributed back.
* Frederic: The getting started guides are currently at <https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/getting-started-guide/>, needs to be surfaced better. As does the introduction <https://nodejs.org/en/about/>.
* Adam: The site should feel more cohesive.
* Timothy: I don't really agree - have seen other examples where the docs and main site work for different purposes.
* Adam: Some things should probably look the same as the home page, e.g. the 'getting started'.
* Adam: So long as implementation doesn't impact design

### Syncing with the Node.js Foundation website

* Frederic: Let's also think about the foundation website: They have a wordpress setup right now, but at the moment the foundation website looks totally different. (There could be a technical solution to keep the WP theme with the website layout in sync.)
* Olivia: We might need to figure that out as we go, we'll need to stay in contact with the people who manage the foundation website.
* Tierney: We should avoid duplicating too much content between Foundation and Node.js website.
* Adam: Let's invite the foundation site maintainers to these meetings.
* Adam: As for unifying theming and branding - I don't think it is unreasonable to come from the design with a full process for theming Node.js branded websites.

### Decision structure (consensus, etc.)

* There is a Foundation marketing committee. Check with [Greg](mailto:gwallace@linuxfoundation.org)
* Tierney: I sit on that committee as part of my job, and it is a pretty open group.

* Discussion of existing consensus-seeking model, seems acceptable (lazy consensus).

### Missing requirements

* Adam: documentation versions switcher (external)
* Adam: Better release structure overview (LTS schedule, etc)
* Adam: Robust community page
* Adam: Present the blog better
* Olivia: Is there a way we can consolidate the medium blog into the website when the time comes?
* Adam: I think there needs to be a strong distinction between community content and official (changelog, etc)  content. I think these should stay separate.
* Split news into blog and release notes (and remove them from the regular blog)?

* Some other related discussion

* Francisco: Hard to search the docs.
* Tierney: We should probably try to get a little higher level than the content in this planning.
* Timothy: We probably need a collection of higher-level content needs, what general site functionality is required.

### Previous attempts at redesigning the website

* Frederic: Two previous attempts
* Frederic: One was from Leo, but had no content/structure discussion, just design/mockups.
* Frederic: The other time was something from the foundation, but never came to anything.
* Frederic: Was poor communication with the foundation there.
* Olivia: Neither really came from the community itself…
* Tierney: Both were a single point of failure, didn't have enough time and ultimately dropped it.
* Timothy: It is clear we need to remember this is a really big challenge, we need to break it down into manageable chunks.
* Olivia: We could actually hire a designer with foundation funds if necessary...
* Mark: (Some discussion on how hiring someone would work between the foundation.)

* Some discussion of previous design competitions e.g. the logo (mixed results regarding brand experience, overall design, etc.)

* Olivia: Any other questions before we end?
* Adam: If we have the ability to hire, are we able to do lower-level brand design e.g. the logo if necessary/desired?

* Francisco: Should we estimate a timeline? Is getting a designer even possible this year?
* Mark: (Some clarification of funds allocation.)
* Olivia: As to general timeline… good question. Hard to pinpoint down at this point.
* Jeremiah: No less than 6 months.
