# Node.js Foundation Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Meeting 2018-05-31 at the Node.js Collaborators Summit

## Links

* **Recording**: `<Recording URL>`
* **Slides**: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1gGwqydeSHa8CsqZW49X9u7AL0BUrxuao-oZXYox2c5k/edit
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/summit/issues/89
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vqo9KOkyKP8q9cirpjqEcYnuv1NpUClPhFgEUioPMXc/edit

## Present
@amiller-gh (Adam Miller)
@chowdhurian (Manil Chowdhury)
@tolmasky (Francisco Tolmasky)
@add1sun (Addison Berry)
@pouwerkerk (Pieter Ouwerkerk)
@erulabs (Seandon Mooy)
@me1000 (Randy Luecke)
@tlobinger (Thomas Lobinger)

## Agenda

* progress overview
* content-focused discussion on Getting Started Tutorials
* user-persona brainstorming session
* logical topics for pages, tutorials, and scoped documentation

## Minutes

**Adam**: This is a content-focused discussion on Getting Started Tutorials, and a
high-level overview of progress. Then figure out user-personas (who's coming to
the site and why) and stakeholders and logical topics. Manil and I have been
approaching this from a product-oriented flow. Process so far: Info gathering,
then UX, and wireframes, then emerged voice and tone guidelines. Current phase:
UI/content generation focus (high-fidelity mocks for the website; color palette,
iconography, design system). RunKit/Stripe has given resources for a designer (3
months) for this process. This leaves the content section. The IA discussions
have left us desiring content for guides.

**Greg**: What does IA stand for?

**Adam**: Information Architecture.

**Adam**: A couple blockers we can see in the future. Issue
[#13](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/13), is most important.
The tech exploration is ongoing ([#12](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/12)
). There will almost certainly be some religious debates
(what should we be documenting), should we have an Express example? These are
big questions, and we should have these offline.

**Adam**: First exercise: who are the stakeholders? We want to update the Node.js
tagline. It does not invite or draw in new users.

(Brainstorming Exercises)

**Adam**: Opening up to discussion. What did you all think about these exercises?

**Addison**: The content on the website doesn't explain what Node.js is well today.

**Francisco**: Does anyone do a good job of this today?

**Seandon**: Rust.

**Adam**: Are we doing a disservice to people who are learning not

**Seandon**: Maybe an `http` example? Or Express?

**Thomas**: I know what Apache and Tomcat are, I expect people may get the wrong
impression of what Node.js is.

**Addison**: I was a PHP developer, I didn't understand what the
application/possibilities of Node.js was, but this is the selling point. The
problems of taking people down a prescribed path is you close some of the
options. Imagine taking people through all these contexts and possibilities
without making people walk far down a single possibilities.

**Thomas**: Like a dating site, almost.

**Francisco**: I don't want the paralysis of choice—the first date if you will.

**Addison**: Yeah, like one quick tutorial, then all the choices.

**Francisco**: And choose a particularly good and expressive example.

**Seandon**: Event-based, non-blocking examples are where Node.js shines, so we
should emphasize these.

**Francisco**: And use the latest and greatest syntax: async/await. Things you're
not going to find elsewhere.

**Greg**: And answer the question, why you should care. First that, then go to the
tutorial.

**Thomas**: In the dating example I said, painting the picture of a person,
instead of documentation reading giving user stories and something people can
relate to.

**Adam**: I really want to find users that fit into these groups and take pictures
and create these stories.

**Greg**: I can probably help with that. We ask in the annual survey if people
would like to be contacted.

**Adam**: I'd definitely appreciate the help. In that survey, how do these
categories map to users surveyed?

**Greg**: We don't ask all these categories, but three main ones.

**Adam**: There's also the legal questions too…

**Greg**: Yeah, Linux Foundation can add to that.

**Addison**: Definitely talk to Dan in the User Feedback group.

**Adam**: (wrapping up) We'll go through all these and come up with actual content
for these topics listed. Maybe it makes sense to make a pitch deck for
stakeholders.

**Greg**: Maybe we could use a CMS, for those who aren't good with PRs.

**Adam**: We have an open issue for thinking of using a CMS. So we're definitely
looking into this! What option we choose will also depend on budget.
