# Node.js Foundation Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Meeting 2018-05-10

## Links

* **Recording**: <https://youtu.be/CnccqFY2HFw>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/40>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nBFsEmAdSAhqBoHXCpC8qAHbXLTJGieGdpBi2M-msyI/edit>

## Present

* Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Team: @nodejs/website-redesign

  * Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
  * Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)
  * Dhruv Jain (@maddhruv)
  * Agiri Abraham Jr (@codeekage)
  * Manil (@chowdhurian)
  * Mark Hinkle

## Agenda

* Website Wireframes [#15](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/15)
* Tech Exploration for In-Browser Node.js Playground [#12](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/12)
* Extended Color Palette [#42](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/42)
* Identify topics to discuss for Collab Summit Spring 2018 [#29](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/29)
* Discuss Meeting Time

## Announcements

*Extracted from **wr-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/website-redesign

* Website Wireframes [#15](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/15)
Removed from agenda, since we've moved on to Design
* Tech Exploration for In-Browser Node.js Playground
[#12](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/12)
Removed from Agenda, since we've moved on to design
* Extended Color Palette [#42](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/42)

What is / will be the CommComm's process for approving / adopting design system changes like this?
Most design system changes we make won't effect brand related material, this one does. (In a very limited way, and for very good reasons – read the post!) Does this introduce any other considerations for adoption?
The solution uses an open source color library as a foundation for its design. Does this introduce any other considerations for adoption?
What do you think of the extended color palette solution as a whole? I love hearing feedback on design theory and brand alignment, please share your thoughts freely

* Ask to join marketing team meeting
* Doesn't look like it will conflict with existing brand

Dhruv: Do we fork existing libraries and keep it in Node.js so we have more control over design features?
Adam / Tierney: We want to minimize support costs! Where possible, lets point out to OSS we're leveraging and calling "standard" to reduce our maintenance burdon.

* Identify topics to discuss for Collab Summit Spring 2018 [#29](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/29)

Francisco: Parallel bug to getting started content – what is the getting started experience? What are priorities of "getting started" and docs?

Tierney: Good place to coordinate with TSC and other members across org about how to maintain docs.

* Intend to make docs more accessible
* Developing user personas could support the case of making the docs more readable and accessible
* Good time to work with i18n as well

* Discuss Meeting Time
Agreed to push 1hr back to not torture our USA West Coast members

* Corporate Design Resource Donations
Tierney: Raised the possibility of soliciting designer resource donations from corporate foundation members.
Francisco: Stripe may be interested in providing these resources as well, on a well-defined timeline. Will talk with leads today and report back.
Adam: This WG should function, among other things, as a design management body so as we have resources rotate in and out we still have a cohesive and unified project direction – we will happily take any resources we can get! There is always work :)

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
