# Node.js Foundation Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Meeting 2018-03-29

## Present
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Olivia Hugger (@oe)
* Dhruv Jain (@maddhruv)
* Adam Miller (@amiller-gh)
* Manil (@chowdhurian)

## Agenda

### Notes

#### Coordinating "Getting Started" content with NodeSchool content [#18](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/18)
* one person responded, but we may not get the engagement that we're looking
* suggest we need to re-prioritize this task
* looking for a meeting to see if we can get the interactive tooling into our getting started
* there was also an understanding that we would get content from them
* depending on the amount of engagement we can start with content and go from there
* maybe instead of going to Nodeschool, go straight to the Learnyounode repo maintainers
* https://github.com/workshopper/learnyounode
* reiterate having a dedicated meeting with open invitation. "We're using what you have as a foundation. We'd like to have you involved."
* TODO: Tierney creating an issue for dedicated meeting

#### Website Wireframes [#15](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/15)
* There's been additional feedback from the TSC on the path we should go down for Downloads
* keep pressing the issue of package manager
* TODO: Tierney and Adam will work to meet with the TSC on this discussion
* Feedback around the releases section in the downloads page:
  * The full releases section probably isn't useful as a source for downloads, since most downloads of older versions of Node.js are automated deployments and not direct downloads from the site
  * The metadata portion of it is interesting and useful, and worth having. Even having it in a truncated but expandable way for each release line would be helpful and a nice addition to the site.

#### Tech Exploration for In-Browser Node.js Playground [#12](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/12)
* bring back next meeting
* Getting Started will inform what this look like
* to be included in the meeting around Getting Started content and material
* once we have some idea of content and material, reach out to Jenn Schiffer and Runkit, see if it would work on their platform. They would have good feedback
* TODO: invite Jenn to the Getting Started meeting

#### Voice and tone guidelines [#13](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/13)
* some new content added to PR, re: humour in voice
* waiting on more feedback
* TODO: review to come

#### Content Structure [#4](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/14)
* suggest that we have a Branding page in the Community section, in a similar vein to what Webpack does: https://webpack.js.org/branding/
* we need consistency to help inform colour palettes, and the correct spelling of Node.js, assets; for the benefit of anyone working in design and community

## Announcements

*Extracted from **wr-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

## Q&A, Other
* TODO: Manil to add website-redesign initiative talking points for Collab Summit

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
