# Node.js Foundation Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Meeting 2019-06-06

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: $GITHUB_ISSUE$
* **Minutes Google Doc**: $MINUTES_DOC$

## Present

@LaRuaNa
@jonchurch

* Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Team: @nodejs/website-redesign

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **wr-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/website-redesign

* Create data contract for how API documentation will be consumed [#158](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/158)
What format are  the docs in currently? Are they managing metadata, what is that metadata, what does it do? Do we intend to use it?

### nodejs/nodejs.dev

* SPIKE: In Our Perfect World, In What Format Would the API Be Documented? [#258](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/258)

What metadata do we want to record? That could inform what format we use. Maybe frontmatter? Let’s discuss at the next meeting when we have more people

* Integrate Algolia Code Search [#257](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/257)

How to integrate algolia indexing with the different versions of the docs? v12 vs v10 etc
The search should be linked to the current version of the docs that you are looking at.
We don’t know yet how to support searching in multiple versions of the docs

* Integrate API JSON as an async data source [#255](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/255)
Skipping, because it requires research and context that we don’t have in this meeting

* Select and Integrate an i18n Library [#254](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/254)

We will create an npm package with all the text of the different languages for the documentation.
We need to check if there are any complications in integrating an npm package with the gatsby i18n plugin we choose.
maybe use react-intl https://github.com/formatjs/react-intl
or maybe react-i18next https://github.com/i18next/react-i18next/

* chore: Eslint / Prettier integration. [#179](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/pull/179)
@LaRuaNa is working on this, needs to find the time to rewrite the code

Mentoring/Pair coding program for new contributors?
Maybe issue tagging? “Good first issue”
Maybe livestream contributing? Show people how to get involved. Or just record a “getting started” type of resource.
Ask manil about the mentoring program/intro to OSS he has worked.
Maybe plan the stream ahead of time, create and tag good intro issues, select which ones we will work on live, and advertise it on twitter.

Reopened the idea of merging the two repos together https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/147

There are new project boards for each page of the new site
https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/projects
@LaRuaNa will organize some of these

Link to new design system, in progress. Click the node logo to switch between light and dark modes
https://www.figma.com/proto/brsBURZIKRBj7JAmMMCz2rlz/NJ---Design-System?node-id=90%3A4958&scaling=min-zoom&redirected=1

Knowledge base articles
They’re being worked on in the Node.js org currently, we need to make sure these aren’t being worked on in two places. they aren’t currently linked to on the nodejs.org site, so they don’t really need to be in that repo.
We could pull them into the nodejs.dev repo and work on them there.
We should figure out what articles from the knowledge base we want to use, which are duplicates of what we already have, and how we want to use the knowledge base info (if at all).

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
