# Node.js Foundation Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Meeting 2019-02-28

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/146>
* **Minutes Google Doc**: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JizrFXDqS7T3RzwuGELUBytBD3fBHn-Pzc2XuY5SrS8/edit>

## Present

* Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Team: @nodejs/website-redesign

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **wr-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.
nodejs/nodejs.dev

* Turning off "merge" button [#103](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/103)
* Review the prettierrc and adapt "best practice"
[#44](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/44)

Onur: Changing one rule, investigating tslint<->prettier automation, re-running #97 and pulling in all / closing issues.

* How do we want to add new members?
[#127](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/127)

No objections on the channel to process in the ticket. 3 PRs is guidance, not policy.
Onur: How do you deal with inactive people?
Sagir: 3 non-trivial PRs?
Adam: Attendance policy?
No objections to the attendance policy.
TODO: Adam to codify and PR. (maybe use `core` for inspiration)

* No periods at the end of commit messages [#150](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/150)

No objections on call.
TODO: Sagir to add a link to CC and update the decision on no periods in CONTRIBUTING.md

### nodejs/website-redesign

* Migrate Foundation Website Content to New Site [#134](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/134)

Removing label. Will keep this in mind as we design next pages.

* User Feedback: Node.js Docs Survey
[#61](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/61)

Consensus: Still want to execute on this.
TODO: Agiri to take to User Feedback meeting tomorrow.

* New Home: Nodejs.dev [#147](https://github.com/nodejs/website-redesign/issues/147)

Sagir: Wasn’t aware of the sister repo before – consolidating would be good.
Ahmad: Seconded – meeting notes in the .dev repo would encourage contribution.
Agiri: A little concerned about clutter, moving meeting minutes in to dev repo – will need to work on content structure to keep organized, otherwise ok.
TODO: Adam to move over content

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
