# Node.js Foundation Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Meeting 2020-01-30

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/390
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/17IuIy9Ir7SHSq7O7UwOsnsoI3vRGL4z1XH-tUeClgMw/edit

## Present

* Saleh (@SMotaal)
* Jon (@jonchurch)
* Manil (@keywordnew)

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **wr-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/nodejs.dev

* Resolve meeting Zoom URL being expired
* Defining Website Redesign OKRs
  * CommComm is looking at things in terms of OKRs to track long-term progress across projects
  * What are OKRs we can create for website-redesign?
  * Example: https://github.com/nodejs/community-committee/pull/569/files
  * Continuity of process
    * Documenting hows of technical administration: how to stage, how to CI,
  * Identify areas of progress and future goals
    * Create a feature roadmap
    * Make available the top two features in nodejs.org: 1. Download Node.js and 2. Docs
    * List the priorities for features
  * Make explicit the channels of interfacing internally and with larger org
    * Write down implicit team norms
    * How do we propose and review non-feature changes in PRs?

Manil made the point of making functional beta versions available so that folks can dogfood (try it out themselves) and give us feedback. We can tell if it is fulfilling the original usecases, by trying to get folks to switch to using our beta version. This could include making sure the core uses (Docs, Downloads) are functional. So we can then iterate on it and eventually supplant people’s needs from the original with our beta version.

We’ve had issues with previews and /gcbrun, where the previews dont always run, or the preview link goes dead after a while.

Saleh brought up wanting to have clarity around how/where to raise issues and ask questions in the project

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
