# Node.js Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Meeting 2020-08-27

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: [Node.js Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Meeting 2020-08-27 · Issue #892 · nodejs/nodejs.dev · GitHub](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/892)
* **Minutes Google Doc**: [Node.js Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Meeting 2020-08-27 - Google Docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p8c7aK5f58ckg25wW-peREo5Duvm1EADzu0nbY92Mw4/edit)

## Present

* Website Redesign Strategic Initiative Team: @nodejs/nodejs-dev
* Divy Tolia (@designmoreweb)
* Jen Downs (@jendowns)
* Thiyaga (@tstreamDOTh)
* Jem Bezooyen (@jemjem)
* Marcus (@marcustisater)

## Announcements

* Nothing for today

## Agenda

\*Extracted from **wr-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/nodejs.dev

* Diagnostics WG and Website Redesign WG collaboration on diagnostics guides [#775](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/775)
* Use SVG Images for Node.js Features [#749](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/pull/749)
* Update CONTRIBUTING [#737](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/737)
* Marketing text for homepage [#637](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/637)
* Releases Page: Download Grid [#261](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/261)

## Meeting Notes

### Diagnostics WG and Website Redesign WG collaboration on diagnostics guides

[#775](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/775)

* Mary is part of diagnostics team, has been unavailable for these meetings
* Changing the label on the core task, Divy/Ben will followup separately

### Use SVG Images for Node.js Features

[#749](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/pull/749)

* There are svg’s on the site currently
* Potential licensing issues with the current images
* Issue can be closed potentially, or at least remove the meeting label tag

### Update CONTRIBUTING

[#737](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/737)

* Discussed briefly last time
* Marcus might have some thoughts
* Main issue: folks aren’t reading the contribution guidelines (maybe?)
* Folks aren’t squashing their commits? It could be part of the merge strategy into the main branch. Or part of the merge template.
* Maintainers will potentially be the folks to handle the squashing behaviours
* Side note: The merge combo button will remember your merge setting

### Marketing text for homepage

[#637](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/637)

* Issue was originally about one thing, has broken into a couple of smaller issues
* Want to use open source projects that use node or nodejs
* There are a couple of open issues for the individual icons
* NPM logo needs to be added (no issue / pr for that yet)
* Process: \* Post to the projects GitHub pages to request that we use their logo on the site and when okayed by a project maintainer then we can PR it in

* Electron logo is available to be updated
* [https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/637](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/637)
* [https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/818](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/818)
* [https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/819](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/819)

* Add ESLint logo and link to homepage #820
* [https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/820](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/820)
* [https://www.figma.com/proto/RepQL7h21unQFvhbEtTwvI/Nodejs.dev-contribution-mocks?node-id=3%3A2&scaling=min-zoom](https://www.figma.com/proto/RepQL7h21unQFvhbEtTwvI/Nodejs.dev-contribution-mocks?node-id=3%3A2&scaling=min-zoom)
* Include the `wr-agenda` label to mark items for discussion at these meetings
* Should we have one pr to handle the logos all updated at a single time: want to keep all three of those logos separately so that the issues can track things separately

### Releases Page: Download Grid

[#261](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/261)

* Marcus talking point: [https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/826](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/826)
  Should we use just one styling language: should we use sass and emotion, etc
* Very related to potentially adopting LADR (arch decision records)
* Link to it from the readme
* [https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/853](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/853)
  [https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/863](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/863)
* Should be closed when the related PR from johnphamous merges

## Issues looking for help

* Downloads page: marcus had a start on some styling
* Jem is refactoring code from Sauls previous pr

* Divy working on the community page: is anyone available to help do a working session together.

* Community forum / blog: no major progress there currently. Current nodejs blog focused on releases, whereas other content has been related to other topics

* Topic should come back to the CommComm: how can we make better use of the blog functionality on the site moving forward.

## What’s blocking us from the finish line for the site? What’s mvp task wise?

* Homepage stuff: like logos and marketing text?
* Some of that content will evolve over time
* Focus on the mvp content
* Docs when you click them show up
* Talked about getting an mvp task up so we can put more focus on the issues that need to be addressed for mvp <https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues/899>

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
